---
title: June 2025
summary: Found a new pickup group to play badminton with, fell sick, met my senior from college, had a cyst near my tailbone, watched movies, and played my first Castlevania game.
date: 2025-07-27T17:17:37+05:30
date-edited: 2025-06-05T23:03:00+05:30
---

## My Friend Came to See Me

Abhilash[^1], a friend from BLR, traveled to HYD to catch up with a few folks. He was in town for about 3-4 days. Luckily, his visit coincided with the weekend. So, we made plans to meet and I promised to take him to play with my new badminton pick-up group. On his first day here, he went out with his mates to Broadway[^2], a brewery that I had recommended as a nice gathering spot in the city.

The next day, I paid him a visit at his hotel. We grabbed (complimentary) breakfast together and talked about his current undertaking, a rooftop gym where you can practice 
  
- strength and conditioning, 
- wrestling, 
- boxing, etc.

I'm enamoured by his enthusiasm for the project, and I'm trying to provide what little help I can to get it off the ground by

- acting as a sounding board and 
- creating a website for the gym.

On Saturday, he joined me for a game. Only 4 of us from the group showed up that day. So, we played doubles, rotating and switching partners after each set. Initially, Abhilash and I didn't pair up and the games weren't too competitive. The lights in the hall are blinding, especially at the edges of the court. The flight of the shuttle is peculiar too. It takes time adjusting to because they're slow one side and fast on the other. I'm sure the change in weather and coordinating on court with strangers didn't help either. For the last couple of sets, we paired up. Usually, we have a good understanding of what the other partner wants to do, so our coordination is pretty smooth. Those games were a lot closer.

- That night, I left for BLR. I wanted to catch up with Varun and Preet.
- I was also hoping that being around them would help generate a sudden burt of inspiration, that I could use to ship the site.
- The site is the first personal project I have worked on in over 3 years.
- A phenomenon that's hindered me from making progress on any undertaking recently is that I attach my self-worth to the project. When things start to get rough, I begin to view myself poorly.
- This leads to a vicious cycle in which I get overwhelmed, the element of play diminishes, and I struggle to care about the project.
- I've tried to tweak my approach with projects. I do my best work when I have the space to be playful and explorative. Usually, what gets to me is the feeling that I've not kept a promise to myself, and that I never see things through.
- Now, when this feeling lurks in, I say to myself "So what?". I'm not able to see a project through. So what? My interest in a project has fizzled out. So what? A side project I started now has its own spawn. So what? I'm trying to do the opposite of what is suggestive of my disposition. My hope is that this will help me at least get out of my own way. I'm curious about the effects that this will have, and how far I can take this. At the very least, I feel less overwhelmed about completing the site generator I had set out to make for my personal site, and my site itself.
- Anyway, the plan was to stay in BLR for a couple of weeks. The first week, I wanted to make sure that I stayed close to my friends. So, instead of living with my cousins, I decided to stay in a hostel. I arrived at around 8am in the morning. Upon arrival, I left my luggage at the reception because check-in was at noon. Fortunately, they allowed me to use the washrooms. I cleaned myself up and walked to my friends' place. They were asleep, so I ordered some breakfast[^3], settled in, and started working on my site.
- I was startled by Varun when he woke up and walked into the seating area. He brought up that they might have been in contact with someone who potentially contracted COVID. This sent me spiraling. I wasn't aware that people were falling sick in BLR. I ordered some masks, cancelled my stay in the hostel, and booked a hotel room so that I can isolate myself. As part of my due diligence, I informed my mother of my predicament. She found it odd that I wasn't aware of the surge in cases in BLR and I struggled to convey to her that my source of news, Twitter, failed to deliver this information.
- Varun and I headed to Rameshwaram for brunch. I was still full from my breakfast, so I just tagged along for some coffee. We had a chat about work, side projects, and hobbies. I shared with him my newfound interest in vampire fiction. Particularly, I fawned over Sinners and my obsession with the Castlevania games. I also talked about my site, why I think it's one of the most important things I've worked on for myself. Most of the stuff I shared with him was a regurtiation of my more meditated thoughts on the topic that I've written [here](/about/vaxitas).
- Calvin bb trial lesson, played pickleball with a couple of girls, and exchanged numbers
- After what felt like an eternity of contemplation, decided to go to Burma Burma
- Food was good, I don't rmb what we had, but I remember there being an item that was similar to Mallu dish. I had some boba, and I liked it.
- The room I stayed in wasn't the most hygienic, but it was economical. I made peace with it as I didn't expect to stay in the room all the time.

## Backmatter

[^1]: He's a voracious athlete and I'm in awe of his ability to learn and teach. He's a professional jiu-jitsu practitioner, but he picked up badminton a few years ago, as a secondary sport, mainly to challenge himself. And he's quite good at it too! He aims to participate in the Veterans' Badminton National Championships.

[^2]: I've not been to the place so far. In fact, it was my sister who shared raving reviews of my place. I just took her word for it.

[^3]: From (drumroll pleaseeee), and you guessed it, Subway to save the day!